Update PATH prepending with practical example (#1781)
github/docs: content/actions/reference/workflow-commands-for-github-actions.md

`echo "{path}" >> $GITHUB_PATH`

> Prepends a directory to the system `PATH` variable and makes it available to all subsequent actions in the current job; the currently running action cannot access the new path variable. To see the currently defined paths for your job, you can use `echo "$PATH"` in an action.

Reviewer: I'm 99% sure that `>>` appends the new value to the path, not prepends.

```suggestion
Prepends a directory to the system `PATH` variable and makes it available to all subsequent actions in the current job; the currently running action cannot access the updated path variable. To see the currently defined paths for your job, you can use `echo "$PATH"` in a step or an action.
```

#### Example

> This example demonstrates how to add the user home directory to `PATH`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to add the user `$HOME/.local/bin` directory to `PATH`:
```
